x Needs to be a 'cancel' button next to 'update' -> it will only refresh the page.

x a new set of checkbox getter functions needs to be written for update. The current checkbox population on .customer.select is only a placeholder.
x - As of right now checkboxes aren't being gathered during Update.

x I just finished the front end of the new checkbox design. There are now edit buttons for all of the boxes, set to true and false, but displaying yes, no, or N/A
x - the backend for this still needs implemented in the update.click function.
x - it will be just like the date update stuff.
   -- I would still like to know what the hell that bug was...

Warnings
			receiveDate is not in the database, but there is an acceptedDate. I'm not sure exactly how to take care of this as of yet. COME BACK TO THIS WHEN FINISHED.
			-- also receiveDate is the date above the name fields.
			** may need to go back through the *DateUpdate fields and create a div for removing, and that would go back to the original date and allow them to select edit again.
	
The old, ideal, checkbox function.	
x ** Checkboxes are not updated on customer.click just yet, that needs fixed
x		 Once a customer is selected, selecting another cancels out the other checkboxes. Things get messy quickly.
		 
Minor Tweaks

x name fields could use an onKeyUp instead of blur for nameCheck

x set date to 0000-00-00 if date = 2013-01-01

 --- set the comments double the current height.
 --- Seemed Unnecessary once I tested it.

x make all boolean fields visible when a name is selected. This includes swapping the update button.
x  - which reminds me that I also need to create an update script.  -.-*
 
'Print Preview' should have filters to search by "only-true", "only-false", or "full-document" values and should also not say "True" or "False", but instead maybe something like "Yes" and "no".
 - this is probably going to just be a set of three pages for now... a page with only 'yes', one with only 'no', and a final that has 'everything' as it is now.

x create a set of divs next to the date-selectors that say "edit" for easy editing. This is described in index.js

recolor everything!

x Set a 'Print Preview' button on the Update page.

***** BUGS *****
Alignment is off in IE
When a checkbox is 'edited', but another customer is selected, the previously edited boxes do not show back up.
Selected Customer's Names will disappear when clicked, I don't know if this is a bug or a feature, but it could be bad if the user was not aware of this.

IE
==
Seems like the left align features and the exit buttons in the dropdown are funky
also the update button doesn't appear.
-- haven't tried to send to db

== POST ==
clean up comments.
Rearrange code